A bunch of scripts to help me parse and organize datasets.

* Use Python to extract words from various sources (WordNet, etc.) Output into files organized by word length (get rid of all punctuation.) TODO: Separate wordlist for punctation; user can load in the punctuated wordlist if they want. 
* Manually purge unwanted words from the output wordlists.
* For each scraped dataset, combine their output, organizing by length.
* TODO: Perhaps organize words in each file by some scoring system.

# Update
After attempting to filter some NLP and crossword datasets, I quickly realized that the main challenge of crossword construction is having a good dataset. There haven't been good datasets curated yet since the requirements of "good" crossword entries are rather niche (NLP datasets won't be too useful), and I guess no one has devoted enough time manually sifting through every dictionary entry or word in a dataset. (I also don't really like existing crossword datasets since they scrape from existing puzzles, which contain a lot of bad entries in my opinion.) I think most of the demand for human crossword constructors, after supplying any theme entries, is actually just to guide construction towards having quality fills. Experienced constructors are very in tune with what makes a good crossword, and how to make decisions towards a feasible crossword. However, their process seems to be ad hoc and kind of an art. 

I realized that if I really want to make good crosswords, I need to have a good dataset that has been curated manually. Since what is considered a "good" crossword is purely a matter of taste, then the wordset must also be curated to taste. The estimated number of words and phrases that I would have to sift through is on the order of 10^5, so manual curation is at least feasible for me to do by myself. What makes a "good" wordlist is highly subjective, of course. Personally, I want to focus on common-knowledge American English entries, with as few names/places/pop culture references as possible. After some deliberation, here is how I decided to categorize words:

* `pure`: Loosely defined as "ordinary" words that an American would likely be familiar with. Common knowledge; words you would find in any dictionary. Aim for "lemmatized" words, i.e. the root word and not its derivatives. If we wanted to allow derivative words, in theory we could use NLP tools to help look them up. (EDIT: Probably will relax this restriction in order to make puzzles more easily fillable.)
* `padding`: Well-known short words, abbreviations, acronyms, and other crossword-ese that may be needed in a pinch to help fill out a puzzle (e.g. "CIA", "FBI", "HOA", "ABC", "CDC", "BCC".) Want to stay away from typical crossword-ese like "ERN", "ENO", etc. though. 
* `people`: Includes names of well-known people (scientists, writers, artists, U.S. Presidents, etc.) that an American would likely be familiar with. One could argue that names of musicians/artists could belong in `culture`, but I really want to separate "things" vs. people", which would be useful for people like me who think of the world more in terms of ideas/objects rather than people (and for people who think the opposite way! We could make a more people-focused puzzle for them.)
* `place`: Geographic locations (countries, major cities, major parks). Also includes museums, famous buildings, streets, bodies of water.
* `phrase`: Phrases and idioms, with bias towards American ones. Debating on whether to include song lyrics and lines from poems.
* `pop`: Includes terms relating to (pop) culture: culturally significant brand names, song names, movie titles, art, etc. (e.g. "Coca-Cola", "Mona Lisa"). Trivia about a particular topic that wouldn't be known to an absolute beginner is also included here, even if the topic itself is common knowledge; for example, "baseball" would be in `pure`, but baseball positions like "shortstop" would be considered `pop`.
* `contemporary`: Relatively recent words and phrases. An entry that might have been added to the OED within the last few years. Widely used today, but not clear whether it's here to stay. (Considered naming this category `present` to continue the alliteration.)

I don't see why I can't also make this an open-source project: People submit words (and categorize them according to some system), I look at them for quality and mistakes before merging with the repo. I can only guess that the reason why people haven't crowdsourced or teamed up yet is because they depend on selling crosswords for a living?

Process:
* Combine words from a bunch of datasets (WordNet, Broda \[good for phrases\], Oxford English Dictionary.) For the OED, just get headerwords from the "[Updates to the OED](https://public.oed.com/updates/)" pages for "fresh" entries (I added some derivatives or similar words on my own if I think of them); go through new sub-entries if I have time. Rely on other dictionaries to get "normal" modern words. Other resources: ESL sites (common English words)
* Get rid of duplicates (compare their de-punctuated, capitalized versions.) 
* Output original words to a bunch of files containing 1000 words each, each titled "scripts/prefilter_data/words_%n.txt".
* Manually go through the entries in each file; when done, add words to a single txt file "scripts/filtered_data/raw_wordlist.txt", separated by newline. For each word, add ";\[category\]" after it (optional for now.)
* Save de-punctuated, capitalized words from "raw_wordlist.txt" into files sorted by category and wordlength (in that order of hierarchy) under "data" (this is the final version.)
